You bitch
Carve things during the game
Now it is free shipping by Ma Jinshan again.
You think you are relying on Ma Jinshan to speak for you
You can reverse black and white
To crush our family?
That's impossible.
My son is the Olympic champion.
You underestimate the power of an Olympic champion
Not bad, not an Olympic champion.
I can make you shameless with one word
Identity list
Let the son of the horse spirit also be unlucky together
Han Yu, Vice President of the International Olympic Committee
Mr. Miyamoto was our rise
And he's a good friend of mine.
If I tell him this
He will definitely
Permanently ban Zhou Ruolan from competing in the Olympic Games
and
You will also be permanently disqualified from the sponsorship of Ma's richest man
Ma Shoufu, you are very strong
But we are not weak either
You are so shameless
What's coming at me?
Nothing to do with horse guards
Comrade Zhao Luolan, don't worry.
These little days
Can't cancel my sponsorship
I don't have the ability.
Just curious
You admit that Zhao Ruolan is better than you
Is it so difficult for you?
You fart
Zhao Ruolan is a shameless pheasant
What is he better than my son?
Now you either cancel the sandstorm laugh at us?
Expose your scandal
Then let my husband
Complain to the Vice President of the International Olympic Committee
You choose.
Not enough.
Zhao Ruolan is going to kneel down with a plaque and apologize to me
Kowtow and admit to being a waste
My match results will be out in 3 minutes
Then you'll know who the real trash is